alright men status report that's not
helpful nor is that all right I'll be
the man here and check out what's going
on let's try the door hello well then
talking to it that's nothing let's try
the rooms okay they don't seem to have
flooded yet although I can tell from the
lack of rocking we are probably not
above water nothing in here there's
nothing going on nope nothing sit back
down here and report Oh get over it you
people it's not going to help I gotta do
something about that door let's check
out the captains quarters hmm well that
sucks we're here nope you didn't hide it
in the bookcase why how are we going to
do this we're going to break the windows
her oh hey they got off their asses good
you're here hey it's the middle of
somewhere get the hell away no you fool
oh wait what that that was not the most
logical decision you could have made
right there my good sir dumb luck so
what's going on in here we got revelers
and noise got an unhealed laning you're
wonderful hold on i'm going back to heal
real quick I mean we're only stranden
possibly the middle of the ocean there's
no reason to rush so let's see over here
we got to go that let's turn on their
pals
power power a matter of how wide I hand
over there we go bull all over
there whoa like what is going on here oh
no I get it my laptop camera plugged
nothing to worry about people let's get
over whoa whoa what was warped Isles huh
I can't go on that path whoa this makes
no sense but i like it seems ok key what
now i'm all say I'm hoping my fanatic
but I honestly can't think of anything
that does that well lets you all knew
this was happening surely and who what's
surf and i want to get that our walk out
of the way so psychic on a poison-type
what a concept Larry oh you that's
disgusting um I wheezing won't get care
by surf so I'll take that thing out
yeah well oh god I want to leave that
wobbuffet alone until I get rid of the
Cacnea so no not sir let's just work on
hacking it you know it won't be very
effective I don't want to attack
Wobbuffet I just don't it's not
something that would be a good good idea
it's thunder wave a sound oh yeah I and
moved someone who can one hit KO this oh
damn I forgot about that and it's with
something that won't actually do very
much does not by not doing very much
mirror coat and whatnot won't do as much
damage and I'll be less likely to be
ko'd but here since I have speeded i'm
going to worry about that now see it got
to be careful with that lava all right
so we can't look at the pictures
unfortunately but they're here and
what's this this looks totally not
conspicuous at all unfortunately it is
also unable to be talked to set up here
and the GS ball now whoa whoa whoa whoa
way what is this what what whoa whoa I
was not expecting that oh my i knew it
was happening but i forgot it was
happening then well hey i just my care
of that thing so that we can go up here
weird so if you want to catch that agron
it is level 60 and it will be stal ott
of canto but i'm not like that also this
is a really long staircase I'm playing
at about three hundred fifty percent and
even time let's see how long this takes
I haven't been paying attention but holy
Christ hold down the
spacebar or something so here we got
more ruins up here and here we are a
million CB suddenly so we can now jump
off here it's a cave and never turn and
the first thing I noticed tiling air
right there the shoreline change this
color I'm terrible person like that
anywho let's take a look we got a battle
building awesome except it's closed
hello nah metal code if you're into that
sort of thing Snorlax over here can't
deal with it right now so whoa hey hey
stop unplugging mr. a laptop or does
this guy go there you go oh that sucks
there you go it's seriously like I have
no idea where the hell he went yeah
let's keep children so yeah he does I'd
he talks and nothing important was
gained a new train and train magna carta
fan club hey no I don't have anything
better to do oh he's gonna be so
enraptured eath forgetting to capitalize
okay thank god that's over something
about reading matted capitalization just
makes me faint inside painful pain pain
makes me pain inside that is the most
accurate way to express my emotions and
you know not much I knew more in
vermilion City except for the gym which
I will be doing next up and I'll see you
then